Export Options

There are many options to help you get the data you need in the format you want!

"Game" - This selector will allow the program to automatically open saves and battle videos from the proper directory if your 3DS SD card is inserted in your computer. It actually has no effect on the output text (in other words, you don't need to select the game for the program to be able to read your saves and battle videos) - it only helps in automatically loading files from your SD card.

--Export Options--

"Language" - this option changes the language of the exported information about your Pokémon. Unfortunately, only the language of the information is changed - this program is only available in English. (Let me know if you want to help translate to other languages!)

Note: If your language uses non-English characters, you may see only boxes instead of actual characters. In this case, simply copy and paste the output text into Notepad (or a Reddit post box) to see the actual characters.

"Style" - this is your main export option.

    "Default" - This will show basic information about your Pokémon, including species, IVs, and more.
    
    "Reddit" - This will format your data into text that you can paste into a Reddit post, and it will then appear as a table. The data it shows is the same as "Default".
    
    "TSV" - This will show a Reddit table of TSVs, or Trainer Shiny Values.
    
    "Custom" - The three custom options allow you to format your own string using as many columns as you like. See "String Formatting" for all available columns.
    
    "CSV default" - This will export a CSV (comma-separated value) file of the most important information about your Pokémon.
    
    "CSV custom" - This allows you to export a custom-formatted CSV file. Use the "Reset to Default" button to reset the format to show ALL available columns. This will allow you to get the most information about your Pokémon.
    
    "To .PK6 File" - This will export a .PK6 file for each Pokémon that is output. You can then open these files in programs like PKHex.
    
"Unsure Data" - After initial encryption is broken on encrypted save files, the program may not have enough information to fully decrypt all of your Pokémon. You can use these two options to either mark the unsure Pokémon with a tilde ~ (recommended) or hide them altogether (not recommended).

"Split Boxes" - This option will split the output by box, labeling each one. Otherwise, all your Pokémon are listed continuously.

"Show Header" - Disable this to hide the header row for any output and just see your Pokémon information; otherwise, enable this to see the header. If "Split Boxes" is also checked, a header will be printed for each box.

"Use Unicode Characters" - If the gender symbols, "Is Egg", "Is Shiny", or other columns don't appear correctly, uncheck this option to use regular characters. For example, male will be represented as "M" instead of "♂".

"Show ESV for Hatched Pokémon" - Although not necessarily useful, sometimes it's nice to know the Egg Shiny Value of a Pokémon that has already hatched.

--Reddit Options--

"Format as Table" - This option will print the proper headers required for table formatting on Reddit. It is only available for the three custom options - it is enabled by default for the Reddit and TSV options.

"Bold Perfect IVs" - This option will surround any perfect IVs with double asterisks, which is Reddit code for bold.

"Color Boxes" - This option will prefix any Reddit output for proper table coloring on the /r/SvExchange subreddit. Use the drop-down box to select the color, or use "Cycle" to have your different boxes be colored differently.

--CSV Options--
"Enclose nickname and OT in quotes" - In rare cases, someone may have a comma in their OT name or a Pokémon's nickname. For CSV output, this would mess up the affected lines if the file is opened in a spreadsheet program like Excel. This option surrounds all OT names and nicknames with quotations to prevent this from happening. In other words, with this option checked, opening an exported CSV file in Excel will always be correct.

"Reset Custom CSV" - If the selected style is "CSV custom", this will reset your "Text Format" to include ALL available columns of data.

--Text Format--
The text you insert here will be used as a template for each line of information output by the program. For example, if you type {0} - {2}, the program will output Box# - Species for each Pokemon. See "String Formatting" for more information.